in 1984 a Siberian geological group of
scientists began drilling a well into
the grounds of Russia's Kola Peninsula
after digging nearly nine miles deep
the drill bit began to spin wildly out
of control as though it had entered a
hollow region in the Earth's crust after
retreating the bed
scientists lowered a temperature gauge
and an audio recorder into the bottom of
the well
although the estimated temperature of
gases in the ground and nine miles were
thought to be a hundred and twenty
degrees scientists were shocked that the
gauge returned a reading in excess of
2,000 degrees but nothing could have
prepared them for the sounds returned by
the audio recorder
the stairway
you